Automate Grafana and dependencies installation (#5)
System73/edge-analytics-grafana-setup: docs/index.md

## Instructions

> We've supplied a Docker Compose file that simplifies the installation and configuration of Grafana,

Reviewer: no contractions in formal writings

```suggestion
We have supplied a Docker Compose file that simplifies the installation and configuration of Grafana,
```

Author: https://github.com/System73/edge-analytics-grafana-setup/compare/c6478c05cb180a4559393ebae98efcf89f07d387..5d2a2fc506cc6b45041c2e4d653827e764276e8e
